[charts] Stabilize series hooks (`useSeries`, `usePieSeries`, etc.) (#16459)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/components/components.md

{{"demo": "ScaleDemo.js"}}

### Series

> Information about series is accessible through the `useSeries` and `use*Series` hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Series information is accessible through the `useSeries` hook for all series types, and `useXxxSeries` hook for a specific series type.
```

Author: It was `useXxxSeries` before and I changed it to `use*Series` 😂 

Is it a  pattern in the docs to use `Xxx` to mean anything?

Reviewer: No for now we nether used either `Xxx` or `*`

I find the first one better because it give a sens of the capitalization
